hello everyone like bieito
projected chile collection
I already told Quique flowers amy good friends people want to go percent and
good as always I hope everyone is well
yes you get off free stuckey vox guillén the collection vows take care of your
eleventh the year 2005 by the way is that it is so clear this space
margarita prida highlighted that man who shot merck builds your
army
i
the composer chucho ortega pequivén
if you want to build Indians in different positions of
I do not have it costs
according to the tens of apple itunes piracy the product itself
includes construction puppets actors etc d
try to pass in front of the Russian the computer generated image in the jungle
in front of venezuela
attacked the description of the collectives with put pause can
do it at this time
we go through
write them in the three different positions that you can put it though
which refers to not being that it does not exercise activity in detail these tasks
the incredible other figures of the part luján
the text warns
the state ypf and flee in the party the scoundrel and they die in the calendar
when it is not retroactive to play the game
singer
the 4 to 1 what yes it was small eugenia castro
here says they completed the equipment route of the viaduct in 14 in the small
giant box
percent
and good
the key to creating the figure cultural acts being as to know the
cac
the credit portfolio that have the details in the port yes
it gives coverage of this collection not attack as you can subtract kaká
because very nice tournament p so the first item this element teams
exhausted as it returns us here ee
the Catalan technician for years in the athletic and what not speculative if
they have
the legs
because you can not change position and they can not do it
example
ing
active in the ball stopped what what does that can not have or seven
I want to invite the one who dawns in office
another aspect presented by the defendant
what date the pattern of the Russian ship cor
and how to activate it with which the party
later more thinkers get to act than the articulated with strong character
boo but it's still a detail that we have to consider at the moment of
to go to catch the figure is who
yes and we want to have in
in our collection
next to him I'm also incredibly detailed like who
the one removed from his armor
excellent figure or now before a clear example of it being on the top of
knee
the leg and joints the skin you can not change the little of it served
all modes of interurban transport a clear point that the pp always that
they were in that position
they insure
amazing
it's like a novice has no armor has no health damage
like some clubs in this collection
another one of the denunciations the fifth to not tolerate the victory in the same amount
hunt
It is perfectly detailed
the helmet all
excellent script
in terms of aesthetics
but there's not going to be a lot of articulation
we already have the best in interview
of all the clones
percent
this is the commander
dick tiger been 3
percent
Estela improve the work arrived and find this pack
the very good points have
Different places
Peter Tosh red dot that set him apart above the other clubs and this rifle
I loved this rifle
that characterize it as general and
in rifle
percent
capone lumbier adamari will be show or it does not matter this clan
ampatuan son is clear yes the points of articulation
neither can the opposition change but it can move a bit
what we can say in
all that
can move it troops modify a little farah
gave the modified aiming Luis Enrique Bénavent who undertook the
beauty
you want to do it vargas I got
that has modifications that can be made with this articulation
quite
they imitate others too
then modify the historical point
and this is
well this time that the post a little behind but also he
you can modify the port of
the shot
let's look at the positions that may be more current
I'll go back to the sea with this
ironically
there
put it there
while the others are firing or healing
the back
this commander
far from the best of this pack in my opinion
i barak
that would be
recently today's meeting I hope you liked it
and also of course this covenant is recommended that they have a four point
by which actions are articulated and by another that has details
as an example
in china hand you can not deny that you would not be the mother you can not be
change position
have
because of the rigidity that the sentence lowers
he is still a great one for almost everything he is a fanatic guns grenades
and good
without this was the rise today I hope you liked it commented that the sucre and
eleven
i
give me thumbs up
percent
on the contrary it was not toxic said
p we will continue to receive this case surely it is because I have to ensure
a taxi driver shuffle for a review
from piero pérez that we would see we can see that the force is with you
to all